According to the United Nations, there are around 690 million people are hungry, which mounts for 10 percent of the world’s population. One in every nine people goes to bed hungry each night. It is not just providing food to all. It is to provide clean, healthy, and nutritious food and water. The world has made great progress in reducing hunger: But there is still a long way to go, and no one organization can achieve Zero Hunger if it works alone. Governments, citizens, civil society organizations, and the private sector must collaborate to invest, innovate and create lasting solutions.
According to our research, the problems are Malnutrition, Food wastage, Poverty, agricultural productivity, sustainable food production plants and resilient agricultural practices; and genetic diversity of seeds, etc,. The agriculture community is loaded with other difficulties as well. The biggest trouble is that the farmers don’t get the price they deserve for their produce. This is basically a result of numerous intermediaries. Lower returns compel them to take credits that they can’t support, driving them further into poverty. The solution is to increase the production in agriculture with lower inputs and higher yields. This will encourage the farmers and eradicate them from migrating to other jobs.
GeoJson: To track the farmer's location, we went with the GeoJson application which was provided by IBM service.  
It enables us to reach out to farmers to provide farmers with whatsoever is necessary on request.
Also, we have used it to deliver the farm-fresh items, to the customers who have ordered items through our mart.
Using the helpline, help can be made available to each farmer on a basic phone with a SIM connection. The app shall help generate profits for the farmer when they sell the crops at the market estimated value best suited for them. We can help them access powerful and better-quality equipment and pesticides to protect their crops from bugs, diseases, weeds, and mites. So that they can improve crop yielding by the means of information and by comprehending soil health. The application will provide different features like
Production, In production, parameters like Soil, Seed, Ideal time, Fertilizer, Irrigation are taken to give an outcome as the Crop to be harvested. It shall also take the inputs like the state, district, and season to give the best-suited crop to harvest and it also will keep learning from the input data that is provided by the farmers over time.
Machinery, To avail of this feature the farmer has to register on the Website. The farmer can register by providing the following documents
·        RC Book
·        Driver license
·        Aadhar card
Accessing the Rentals:
After successfully registering, the farmer can choose the rental machinery option from the menu by giving some basic inputs like 
Machine names
Tractors shall include Plough, Rotavator, Cage Wheel, Ridger and Post Hole Digger
Inter Cultivation shall include Mini Tractor, Wheeler (1ft.), Weeder (2ft.), Weeder(3ft.)
A sprayer will include Battery Sprayer, Manual Sprayer, Blower Sprayer, Portable sprayer, Power sprayer.
 Harvester/ Brush Cutter/ Water Pumps
Crops being harvested
Hours being rented(used to calculate the charges)
Address
Date from and to of the rental
Finally, the Payment is done Initially to book the Machinery on a rental basis
Pests and Weed control,  The farmer will call the customer and also upload any necessary pictures to the site so that the team can have a look and process the request with the necessary support.
Sell On, Mart, This section of the application is for trading the crops in which the following details will be asked:
Village Name
Crop Name
Picture Upload
Upon which the team will conduct a quality check to visit the site and deal with the pricing of the crops. After which the user's decision and their consent are mandatory to complete the listing of the prices on the site. 
Mart: This is a feature for the farmers to purchase the following items in the market
Fruits and vegetables
Egg and Meat
Pulses
Cereals
Oils
Spices
dairy


Nutritious diet 
When connected over call, our experts will recommend the practices of dietary to the farmers from the Intake suggestion table to eradicate the malnutrition
Donations: Finally we have the donation feature where the Donate button is provided when the user is interested to do so. The user can donate Money via Payment Gateway or Food and Grains depending on the Quantity. Also, this section shall add to the transparency of what we are doing.
Whenever the farmer needs any expert solution, they are just a call away from expert help.
 
Why more farmers are needed?
Our goal is to eradicate malnutrition, poverty, and food wastage for which we need more farmers to contribute and stay with us until we succeed in the global challenge of ‘Zero Hunger'
